README.md, before:

# Book Review System

This is a Book Review System built with TypeScript, Node.js, GraphQL, Apollo Server, Prisma, and PostgreSQL. The project also includes code documentation, and test cases using Jest.

## Project Setup

1. Project Setup
2. Technologies Used
3. API Documentation
4. Authentication
5. License

## Project Setup

Follow these steps to set up and run the project locally:

1. Clone the repository:
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/RitikParikh/book-review-system-graphql.git
   cd book-review-system

2. Install dependencies:
    ```bash
    npm install

3. Set up the database:
    Ensure you have PostgreSQL installed and running. Configure your database credentials in the .env file that you can made from env.sample. Then, apply migrations using Prisma:

    ```bash
    npx prisma migrate dev
    npx prisma db push

4. Start the development server:
    ```bash
    npm run dev

    This will start the Apollo Server at http://localhost:4000 Default Port:4000

# Technologies Used
TypeScript
Node.js
GraphQL
Apollo Server
Prisma
PostgreSQL
Jest

# API Documentation

## Queries

1. Health Check
   - Description: Check if the server is running.
   - Endpoint: /graphql
   - Usage: GET
   - ```bash
        query {
            healthCheck
        }```

2. Get Books
   - Description: Fetch a list of books.
   - Endpoint: /graphql
   - Usage: POST
   -Authentication: Not required
   - ```bash
        query {
            getBooks(query: { page: 1, rowsPerPage: 10, search: "keyword" }) {
                id
                title
                author
                publishedYear
            }
        }```

3. Get Book by ID
   - Description: Fetch details of a specific book.
   - Endpoint: /graphql
   - Usage: POST
   -Authentication: Not required
   - ```bash
        query {
            getBook(id: 1) {
                id
                title
                author
                publishedYear
            }
        }```

## Mutations

1. Create Access Token
   - Description: This is use for when accesToken exipy then without login using refersh token make new access token from it
   - Endpoint: /graphql
   - Usage: POST
   - Authentication: Required (Authorization: Bearer <Token>)
   - ```bash
        mutation {
            createAccessToken {
                accessToken
            }
        }``` 

-- Remaining pleaee refer the schema file we are adding more query or muation in some time. location--> src/schema/schema.ts

# Authentication

Authentication is handled using JWT (JSON Web Tokens). To access authenticated routes or perform mutations requiring authentication, include the access token in the Authorization header:
```bash
 Authorization: Bearer <Token>
```

# License
This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the LICENSE file for details.


Need to remember send headers for middleware authentication --> Authorization : Bearer <Token>

Commit message:

Ritik:Add the test case run command add

README.md, after:

# Book Review System

This is a Book Review System built with TypeScript, Node.js, GraphQL, Apollo Server, Prisma, and PostgreSQL. The project also includes code documentation, and test cases using Jest.

## Project Setup

1. Project Setup
2. Technologies Used
3. API Documentation
4. Authentication
5. License

## Project Setup

Follow these steps to set up and run the project locally:

1. Clone the repository:
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/RitikParikh/book-review-system-graphql.git
   cd book-review-system

2. Install dependencies:
    ```bash
    npm install

3. Set up the database:
    Ensure you have PostgreSQL installed and running. Configure your database credentials in the .env file that you can made from env.sample. Then, apply migrations using Prisma:

    ```bash
    npx prisma migrate dev
    npx prisma db push

4. Start the development server:
    ```bash
    npm run dev

    This will start the Apollo Server at http://localhost:4000 Default Port:4000

5. For the run test cases:
    ```bash
        npm run test
    ```
# Technologies Used
TypeScript
Node.js
GraphQL
Apollo Server
Prisma
PostgreSQL
Jest

# API Documentation

## Queries

1. Health Check
   - Description: Check if the server is running.
   - Endpoint: /graphql
   - Usage: GET
   - ```bash
        query {
            healthCheck
        }

2. Get Books
   - Description: Fetch a list of books.
   - Endpoint: /graphql
   - Usage: POST
   -Authentication: Not required
   - ```bash
        query {
            getBooks(query: { page: 1, rowsPerPage: 10, search: "keyword" }) {
                id
                title
                author
                publishedYear
            }
        }

3. Get Book by ID
   - Description: Fetch details of a specific book.
   - Endpoint: /graphql
   - Usage: POST
   -Authentication: Not required
   - ```bash
        query {
            getBook(id: 1) {
                id
                title
                author
                publishedYear
            }
        }

## Mutations

1. Create Access Token
   - Description: This is use for when accesToken exipy then without login using refersh token make new access token from it
   - Endpoint: /graphql
   - Usage: POST
   - Authentication: Required (Authorization: Bearer <Token>)
   - ```bash
        mutation {
            createAccessToken {
                accessToken
            }
        }

-- Remaining pleaee refer the schema file we are adding more query or muation in some time. location--> src/schema/schema.ts

# Authentication

Authentication is handled using JWT (JSON Web Tokens). To access authenticated routes or perform mutations requiring authentication, include the access token in the Authorization header:
```bash
 Authorization: Bearer <Token>
```

# License
This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the LICENSE file for details.


Need to remember send headers for middleware authentication --> Authorization : Bearer <Token>
